:: UniCC LALR(1) Parser Generator 
:: Copyright (C) 2006-2011 by Phorward Software Technologies, Jan Max Meyer
:: http://unicc.phorward-software.com/ ++ unicc<<AT>>phorward-software<<DOT>>com
::
:: README FILE
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**************
 INTRODUCTION
**************
Welcome to the UniCC LALR(1) Parser Generator!

UniCC, standing as an acronym for "Universal Compiler-Compiler", is a target
programming language-independent LALR(1) Parser Generator. Its design-goal is
to serve as an all-round design and build tool for any parsing-related issue,
including production-quality compiler construction.

UniCC unions an integrated generator for lexical analyzers and a powerful
LALR(1) parser generator into one single program. The programming interface is
a rich, extendable and innovative EBNF-based grammar definition language, which
gives a compiler-developer's allday business much more comfort and simplicity
in writing grammars than ever before.

UniCC has been developed since 2006 and has its origin at Phorward Software
Technologies and is initially written and maintained by its 1985 born core
developer, Jan Max Meyer. Phorward Software Technologies is a software-company
from Dortmund, Germany, which focuses its business on compiler construction,
scripting languages and software development tools, both in the area of open
source and proprietary solutions.

The final release of UniCC has been in August 2011, and is still not finished.
A user's manual and documentation will be supplied, including a binary
distribution for various platforms. So currently, this Mercurial source code
repository is the first, available thing. And more will come within the next
few weeks. Because UniCC is scheduled as one of Phorward Software Technologies'
flagship-product, there had already been done a lot of work, but everything is
still not finished.

From the project view, the UniCC parser generator consists currently of two
different parts.

These are

- The UniCC LALR(1) Parser Generator, which is an open source project
  released under the Artistic License, version 2.
- The UniCC Standard C Parser Template (C.tlt), which is part of the UniCC
  package, and released under the BSD-license.

This document should serve as an initial developer's note on how to compile
UniCC and setup its environment.

Please check out http://unicc.phorward-software.com/ from time to time to get
the latest news, documentation, updates and support on the UniCC LALR(1) Parser
Generator.

**************
 REQUIREMENTS
**************
UniCC is a product that was entirely established and developed on top of the
Phorward Foundation Libraries (to be more exactly, many parts of the Phorward
Foundation Libraries have their origin in earlier development stages of the
UniCC Parser Generator, but where moved into libraries for usage outside
UniCC).

The Phorward Foundation Libraries are the development environment of Phorward
Software Technologies, and provides a build-environment, toolchain and library
toolkit that will be used by several projects created by Phorward Software
Technologies.

The Phorward Foundation Libraries are released under the BSD License.

****************
 BUILDING UNICC
****************
Before you can build UniCC, ensure that you have installed the Phorward
Foundation Libraries in its latest version.

Get the latest sources using Mercurial with

	hg clone http://phorward.hg.sourceforge.net:8000/hgroot/phorward/phorward 

then follow the installation instructions in the README file.

When this is done, move to the $PHOME/src directory of your Phorward Foundation
Libraries installation by simply typing

	s
	
and clone the following repositories

	hg clone http://unicc.hg.sourceforge.net:8000/hgroot/unicc/unicc
	hg clone http://unicc.hg.sourceforge.net:8000/hgroot/unicc/Cparser

Then, run

	echo "export UNICC_TPLDIR=$PHOME/src/Cparser" >>$PHOME/etc/userenv
	chmod +x $PHOME/etc/userenv
	. $PHOME/etc/userenv
	
on the console. This will create a permanent user-defined environment script
that is applied the next time you setup the Phorward Foundation Libraries
environment, and also updates the current environment to get the variable
UNICC_TPLDIR known.

After this, run

	echo "pbasis pregex pstring min_lalr1 Cparser unicc" >makeall-seq

This will create an extended build-sequence for the makeall script, which is
part of the Phorward Foundation Libraries.

Finally compile all modules by simply typing

	make

After a successful build, UniCC can be invoked with

	unicc
	
and is available in $PHOME/run.


Enjoy UniCC!


... to be continued ...
